fix(clerk-js): Correctly auto switch and paste when typing a phone nu… (#1824)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/real-zebras-perform.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-js': patch
---

> Fix the issue where the phone number value was not properly copied onto the input when pasting on the email or username field.

Reviewer: Let's make this a bit more detailed.
```suggestion
Fixes an issue where the phone number value was not properly copied onto the input when pasting on the email or username field in the `<SignIn/>` component. The issue was introduced with the changes in the ... PR.
```
